README.md, before:

STEPS FOR SETUP

1. If docker is not installed, install it.
2. Run docker-compose up --build in the root directory.
3. Visit the app at localhost:8080! 


=====FOR DEV=====
1. docker-compose up --build
2. docker-compose stop web
3. cd web
4. npm run server-dev
5. npm run react-dev
*TODO: fix environment variables

=====DEPLOYMENT INSTRUCTIONS=====
1. Install the aws ecs cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ECS_CLI_installation.html
2. Configure the aws ecs cli using your account details https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ECS_CLI_Configuration.html
3. Install the aws cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/installing.html
4. Configure the aws cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html#cli-quick-configuration
5. Run aws iam --region us-east-1 create-role --role-name ecsExecutionRole --assume-role-policy-document file://execution-assume-role.json
6. Run aws iam --region us-east-1 attach-role-policy --role-name ecsExecutionRole --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonECSTaskExecutionRolePolicy
7. Run ecs-cli up
8. Run aws ec2 create-security-group --group-name "my-sg" --description "My security group" --vpc-id "VPC_ID", using the vpc id from the previous command
9. Run aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id "security_group_id" --protocol tcp --port 80 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0, using the security group id from the previous command
10. Change the ports of the web service in the docker-compose.yml from 8089:8089 to 80:80
11. Change the ecs-params.yml subnet IDs to the two subnets outputted by step 7, and the security group id to that of the output of step 8
12. Run docker-compose up --build to build all images
13. Create an elastic container repository- https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/home?region=us-east-1#/repositories
14. Follow the instructions of "view push commands" to set up the ability to push docker images
15. Push all of your images up with tags of their names
16. Change the image URLs in docker-compose.prod.yml
17. Run ecs-cli compose --file docker-compose.prod.yml --project-name magic-box service up  --create-log-groups

Commit message:

Added comments for docker & top level components

README.md, after:

======SUMMARY=====
The application is split up by responsibility into multiple containers.
The db container contains the database and its related files.
The web container contains the client code & the server files.
The remaining containers are meant for future expansion, based on a
microservice architecture. These containers are not being used and can safely be deleted
if you feel microservices are unnecessary. 
The top level of the directory contains mainly configurations for docker-compose and AWS.

=====STEPS FOR SETUP=====

1. If docker is not installed, install it.
2. Run docker-compose up --build in the root directory.
3. Visit the app at localhost:8089! 


=====FOR DEV=====
1. docker-compose up --build
2. docker-compose stop web
3. cd web
4. npm run server-dev
5. npm run react-dev
*TODO: fix environment variables

=====DEPLOYMENT INSTRUCTIONS=====
1. Install the aws ecs cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ECS_CLI_installation.html
2. Configure the aws ecs cli using your account details https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ECS_CLI_Configuration.html
3. Install the aws cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/installing.html
4. Configure the aws cli https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-getting-started.html#cli-quick-configuration
5. Run aws iam --region us-east-1 create-role --role-name ecsExecutionRole --assume-role-policy-document file://execution-assume-role.json
6. Run aws iam --region us-east-1 attach-role-policy --role-name ecsExecutionRole --policy-arn arn:aws:iam::aws:policy/service-role/AmazonECSTaskExecutionRolePolicy
7. Run ecs-cli up
8. Run aws ec2 create-security-group --group-name "my-sg" --description "My security group" --vpc-id "VPC_ID", using the vpc id from the previous command
9. Run aws ec2 authorize-security-group-ingress --group-id "security_group_id" --protocol tcp --port 80 --cidr 0.0.0.0/0, using the security group id from the previous command
10. Change the ports of the web service in the docker-compose.yml from 8089:8089 to 80:80
11. Change the ecs-params.yml subnet IDs to the two subnets outputted by step 7, and the security group id to that of the output of step 8
12. Run docker-compose up --build to build all images
13. Create an elastic container repository- https://console.aws.amazon.com/ecs/home?region=us-east-1#/repositories
14. Follow the instructions of "view push commands" to set up the ability to push docker images
15. Push all of your images up with tags of their names
16. Change the image URLs in docker-compose.prod.yml
17. Run ecs-cli compose --file docker-compose.prod.yml --project-name magic-box service up  --create-log-groups
